\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}


\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks=true,
    linkcolor=red,
    filecolor=magenta,      
    urlcolor=cyan,
}

\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{array}


\usepackage{float}
\restylefloat{table}



%fancy headers
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\fancyhf{}
\lhead{UAlbany IEEE Third Officer Meeting Agenda}
\rhead{\thepage}


\author{James Oswald}
\title{UAlbany IEEE Fall 2020 \\ Third Officer Meeting Agenda}


\begin{document}
\maketitle
\thispagestyle{fancy}
\centering
\includegraphics[scale=0.2]{Officer Meeting Agendas/F20 Officer Meeting 2/Logo.png}
\tableofcontents
\newpage
\raggedright

\section{October / Early November Retrospective}
\paragraph{}

We've had quite a month! We hosted a total of five workshops, five coding practices, and four side project development nights. We elected and appointed 4 new JBoard officers and 5 new DBoard officers. 

\subsection{Meeting by Meeting}
\begin{table}[H]
\begin{tabular}{| m{1.6cm} | m{1.6cm} | m{1cm} | m{4.0cm} | m{1.2cm} |}
\hline
\textbf{Date} & \textbf{Type} & \textbf{Host} & \textbf{Name} & \textbf{Attend.} \\
\hline
10/8/20 & Workshop & Robin & Personal Proj Showcase & 16 \\
\hline
10/12/20 & Coding & Robin & Monday Coding Practice & 7 \\
\hline
10/14/20 & Workshop & James & Quantum Computing & 15 \\
\hline
10/16/20 & Side Proj & James & Friday Side Proj Dev & 13 \\
\hline
10/19/20 & Coding & Robin & Monday Coding Practice & 11 \\
\hline
10/22/20 & Workshop & Tony & Android Family Tree & 15 \\
\hline
10/23/20 & Side Proj & James & Friday Side Proj Dev & 5 \\
\hline
10/26/20 & Coding & Robin & Monday Coding Practice & 9 \\
\hline
10/28/20 & Workshop & Carolyn & Into to Github & 19 \\
\hline
10/30/20 & Side Proj & James & Friday Side Proj Dev & 8 \\
\hline
11/2/20 & Coding & Robin & Monday Coding Practice & 9 \\
\hline
11/5/20 & Workshop & Josh & Android Camera & 7 \\
\hline
11/6/20 & Side Proj & James & Friday Side Proj Dev & 4 \\
\hline
11/9/20 & Coding & Robin & Monday Coding Practice & 12 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\subsection{What have we done well?}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Workshop Creation and Management:} There were no significant issues in workshop creation or management of workshops, everyone finished their workshops on time and got out advertising materials. 
    \item \textbf{E-board Attendance and Involvement:} The E-board has maintained very good attendance for workshops and had very few absences. 
    \item \textbf{JBoard and DBoard Selection:} We successfully elected qualified candidates to fill JBoard and DBoard positions. 
    \item \textbf{Flyers and Emails:} We have successfully gotten out a flyer and listserv email for every single workshop this semester. Thanks to Tony for doing the majority of Flyers.
    \item \textbf{Getting New and Unfunded Funding:} We were able to get \$400 from the SA in New and unfunded money to spend on Arduinos. 
\end{itemize}
\textbf{Question:} Anything else we did well? Lets pat ourselves on the back. 


\newpage
\subsection{What could we do better?}\label{wdb}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{NEW Workshop Advertising Formalization:} Despite formalizing the workshop creation pipeline last month, we need to take advantage of our new DBoard Members and JBoard members to reach maximum effectiveness.
    \item \textbf{Workshop Attendance Magnitude:} Our attendance numbers have dropped even further this month. This is likely due to the lack of CEAS emails and slowdown of widespread advertising I was personally doing last month. Despite the only CEAS club and having such dominance, we have yet to pull over 20 people for a workshop. 
    \item \textbf{Getting Members Involved outside of Workshops:} While we have the discord, our interaction rate in other channels besides officers is low compared to things like the CS server and the CEAS server. This has slightly improved due in part to coding nights and side project development night, but overall the server is still somewhat barren.  
    \item \textbf{Involving and codifying JBoard and DBoard duties:} Despite electing a powerful roster of JBoard and DBoard members, we haven't given them much to do.   
\end{itemize}
\textbf{Question:} Anything else we can improve on?
\paragraph{}
We will planned address solutions to these problems in \ref{db}.
\section{November Plans}
\subsection{Workshops}
\paragraph{}
We have 3 workshop slots scheduled for the month of November.
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Thursday 11/5:} Android Camera Development - Josh (over)
    \item \textbf{Thursday 11/12:} Intro to Machine Learning with Neural Networks - James
    \item \textbf{Thursday 11/19:} Unfilled
\end{itemize}
\noindent
\textbf{Question:} Who wants to fill this last workshop? Is there anything you want to see? Remember that we have smaller options for workshops as well! 


\newpage
\subsection{Coding Practice Nights and Side Project Development Nights}
\paragraph{}
Me and Robin have hosted every single coding practice and side project development night, but I feel it would be valuable to open it up to any interested members who would like experience hosting events. Not everyone is comfortable hosting workshops yet and this is a good way to ease into hosting a technical event. We could also specialize these events further to be more interactive of focus on famous problems like Conway's game of life.
\newline\newline\noindent
\textbf{Question:} Would anyone like to take over a coding night or side project development night? 

\subsection{Fixing Our Weak Points:}\label{db}
\paragraph{}
As listed in \ref{wdb}, We have lots of areas we still need to improve in.
\subsubsection{Getting DBoard and JBoard Involved}
\paragraph{}
Unfortunately, despite recruiting and electing people we consider to be very talented, the DBoard and JBoard still have low overall attendance numbers and are somewhat aimless due to the vague job descriptions and lack of places for them to poke their heads into the already strait forward club process. This is partially our fault for not fully formalizing the jobs and duties of each position or informing you of the minimal attendance requirement. To fix this I am proposing the following measures including the \textbf{Technical Leadership Pathway Initiative TLPI} : 
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Mandatory Attendance Minimum:} DBoard and JBoard Members must make at least 40\% of meetings unless they have a good reason. Failing to do so will put you at risk of removal and replacement. (This has already been voted on by EBoard)  
    \item \textbf{TLPI Self Pathway Plans:} I would like every JBoard and DBoard position to submit a list of goals you have for yourself in your position by the end of this year. Keep in mind this is not restricted to the duties of your position, but can include any leadership activities you hope to accomplish, like hosting workshops, meetings, getting talks, or recruiting members. These should be turned in by December 1st.   
    \item \textbf{TLPI Training Plans:} EBoard members will create their own training plans for each DBoard and JBoard member as they see fit, these will also be due December 1st. Once Training Plans and Self Pathway Plans have been submitted, we will try and meet with you all one on one to finalize your duties for the year in a way that helps you reach your leadership goals.
\end{itemize}
\noindent
\textbf{Question:} Any Questions or issues about the TLPI or what you is expected of you this month?

\subsubsection{Formalizing Advertising}
\paragraph{}
This month, we have seen yet another decrease in attendance, in order to fix this advertisement and recruiting should be made our #1 objective. 

\paragraph{From Last Month:}
"Our biggest weakness is the workshop pipeline, this is where the most miscommunication happens, There are various tasks that need to occur before and after a workshop happens to make it successful ... The key is assigning specific people to these tasks and giving them strict due dates. This will add accountability to the workshop creation pipeline and make it less of the impromptu mess it is right now. We will assign Jboard and DBoard members spots in the pipeline at the meeting next month."
\newline\newline
\noindent
We still have yet to formalize the workshop pipeline, I would like to formalize it right here right now based off of the old workshop creation pipeline in the document from last month which can be found 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Discuss the Re-formalization The workshop creation pipeline with duties for the Communications Director, Social Media Directors, Event Hosts, EBoard, and JBoard. 
\newline\newline
The  Communications Director, Social Media Directors, and Me need to have a seprate meeting creating an advertising agenda for the club that solves for all meeting types and what needs to be sent for them. This new workshop creation pipeline will serve as the foundation for it.
\newline\newline
\textbf{Checkpoint:} Decide on an officer meeting time to formalize the club advertising schedule. 

\section{Administrative Matters}
\subsection{Student Association Matters}
\subsubsection{Funding Request}
The SA has approved our funding request however its not over, tomorrow we need to meet with the SA at 8pm to defend our proposal. 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Question:} Who is coming with me and Josh to defend our proposal tomorrow? This is an important administrative event that all future club leaders will need to deal with, so sitting and watching how it plays out is an important experience for anyone with leadership ambitions.
\subsubsection{Tony's Corner}Tony is an expert at knowing things I don't know, lets listen to the magical deadlines the SA has set for arbitrary things and discuss what we need to do for them.
\newline\newline
\textbf{Checkpoint:} Ensure we're set on SA deadlines for the month. 
\subsubsection{Treasurer Exam}
Me and Josh still need to take the treasurer exam, however this is less of a concern after we learned we can do this whenever and its not tied to us receiving the money. 
\subsubsection{War on Anti-STEM Corruption in the SA}
Daniel has provided us with a full list of SA members and their affiliations. He is going to begin working on drawing correlations between club membership and funding, working to forward our dominance even further. 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Question:} I am considering forming an IEEE war committee to assist Daniel in hunting down anti STEM corruption within the SA, Is anyone else interested in sitting on the War committee? 

\subsection{Winter Break Plans}
\paragraph{}
Interest has been expressed in extending our weekly meetings into winter break. I don't mind hosting side project and coding practice nights as long as people are interested, however we still need to discuss if people are willing to host workshops over break.
\newline\newline
\textbf{Discussion:} Is there interest in continuing meetings over winter break? If we did would we stop for Finals or Christmas? Would anyone be willing to host workshops over winter break? 
\paragraph{End of semester party / Wrap up meeting}
Regardless of winter break plans, we need to decide on a date to host the final semester meeting / party. I would prefer to do this after finals. 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Discussion:} Find a date for the final meeting / party, decide on what to do at it.

\subsection{Anything Else? Open Discussion}
Did we miss anything you wanted to discuss? Any questions you wanted to discuss as a group? 

\end{document}