\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}


\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks=true,
    linkcolor=red,
    filecolor=magenta,      
    urlcolor=cyan,
}

\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{array}


\usepackage{float}
\restylefloat{table}



%fancy headers
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\fancyhf{}
\lhead{UAlbany IEEE Meeting Agenda}
\rhead{\thepage}


\author{James Oswald}
\title{UAlbany IEEE Fall 2020 \\ Second Officer Meeting Agenda}


\begin{document}
\maketitle
\thispagestyle{fancy}
\centering
\includegraphics[scale=0.2]{Logo.png}
\tableofcontents
\newpage
\raggedright

\section{September Retrospective}
\paragraph{}

We've had quite a month! We hosted a total of four workshops on top of our introductory meeting, all to positive acclaim. Our discord gained 91 new members, and we had an average of 15 people attend each of our workshops.

\subsection{Meeting by Meeting}
The Attendance numbers are within 1-3 people of their real values. 
\begin{table}[H]
\begin{tabular}{| m{4.6cm} | m{2.2cm} | m{2.3cm} | m{2.3cm} |}
\hline
\textbf{Meeting} & \textbf{Run time} & \textbf{Attendance Start} & \textbf{Attendance End} \\
\hline
General Interest & 59 min & 27 & 19 \\
\hline
Profile Building Workshop & 1hr 32 min & 17 & 13\\
\hline
Unity Dev Workshop & 1 hr 23 min & 15 & 5\\
\hline
Interview prep Workshop & 1 hr 33 min & 18 & 14\\
\hline
Android Dev Workshop & 1 hr 27 min & 19 & 10\\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\subsection{What have we done well?}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Workshop Creation and Management:} There were no significant issues in workshop creation or management of workshops, everyone finished their workshops on time and got out advertising materials. 
    \item \textbf{E-board Attendance and Involvement:} The E-board has maintained very good attendance for workshops and had very few absences. 
    \item \textbf{Outreach:} We have successfully infiltrated the CEAS listserv and are the only CEAS club which gives us dominance over all technology. We have discord partnerships with 3 other servers. Despite this, We still have lowish attendance numbers (More on this later).
    \item \textbf{Flyers and Emails:} We have successfully gotten out a flyer and listserv email for every single workshop this semester. Thanks to Tony for doing the majority of Flyers
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Question:} Anything else we did well? Lets pat ourselves on the back. 
\newpage
\subsection{What could we do better?}\label{wdb}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Workshop Advertising Formalization:} Our advertising is ad hoc and on the fly, We need to formalize the process of setting up for workshops, more on this later.
    \item \textbf{Workshop Retention:} Due to the nature of some of our workshops we seem to leak people over time. We should find a pattern here and try and find a way to maximise retention. 
    \item \textbf{Workshop Attendance Magnitude:} Despite the only CEAS club and having such dominance, we have yet to pull over 20 people for a workshop. 
    \item \textbf{Workshop Attendance Keeping:} Despite the discord bot, people still don't use it and some of our meetings are on zoom, plus we want to figure out how many people leave during the meeting and when. 
    \item \textbf{Getting Members Involved outside of Workshops:} While we have the discord, our interaction rate in other channels besides officers is low compared to things like the CS server and the CEAS server. 
    \item \textbf{Going to war with the SA:} We need to ensure the SA takes us seriously, and while we did get one pro-IEEE senator elected, we have a long way to go in terms of getting funded and being taken seriously as an organization. 
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Question:} Anything else we can improve on?

\paragraph{}
We will address solutions to these problems in \ref{db}.

\section{October Plans}

\subsection{Workshops}
\paragraph{}
We have 4 workshop slots scheduled for the month of October.
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Thursday 10/8:} Personal Project Showcase - Robin
    \item \textbf{Wednesday 10/14:} James
    \item \textbf{Thursday 10/22:} Tony
    \item \textbf{Wednesday 10/28:} Github Workshop - Carolyn
\end{itemize}

\noindent
\sout{\textbf{Note:} Matthew Cheung and Nelci Vidal have asked for a Github Workshop.}
\newline\newline
\textbf{Question:} Who wants to fill these workshops? Remember that we have smaller options for workshops as well! 

\subsection{Empowered Bystander Training}
The Four Core Eboard members MUST take the empowered bystander training or we loose our positions. So far Tony has taken it, and I believe Me and Josh Signed up already. Just need to hear from Connor. There is a session this month on the 23rd at 3pm. The rest of the Eboard does NOT need to take this training. 
\newline
\newline
\noindent
\textbf{Checkpoint:} Are we all signed up for and aware of Empowered Bystander Training?

\subsection{Fixing Our Weak Points:}\label{db}
\paragraph{}
As listed in \ref{wdb}, We have lots of areas we still need to improve in. The following three items will help us fix almost all of the few issues we have experienced the past month.

\subsubsection{New Roles and Appointments}
\paragraph{}
One of the best ways to fix some of our issues will be the appointment of the JBoard to help us out with reducing the workshop load, however these appointments will are primarily to train people for tasks we already do quite well. I propose the creation of various new positions ontop of the JBoard to help things run smoothly. An added benefit of these positions is to increase the number of leadership positions available in the event of high interest in JBoard positions. I have decided that these positions will collectively be known as the DBoard due to the Director sufix at the end of all of them.
\newline\newline
\textbf{Proposal:} I propose the following DBoard positions be created:  
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Intelligence Director:} Sole Job is to investigate corruption in the SA and work with our SA insider to gain the IEEE influence and funds inside the SA. Fixes our lack of going to war with the SA problem.  
    \item \textbf{Attendance Director:} Takes detailed attendance for each meeting, records who leaves and when, keeps a running spreadsheet of all attendance. Fixes our attendance keeping problem, takes load off Eboard.
    \item \sout{\textbf{Direction Director:} Uses the statistics from the Attendance Director as well as interviews members to find out what workshops they would be interested in, tries to maximize participation and attendance.} 
    \item \textbf{SocialMedia Director:} Runs Social media accounts for on every conceivable social media for the IEEE student branch. Works closely with the Webmaster and Communications Authority. Responsible for video recordings of workshops and getting them to Youtube.
    \item \textbf{Communications Director:} Writes the listserv emails and works with the SocialMedia Director and Webmaster to ensure each workshop is advertised consistently and on time. Keeps everything on schedule. 
\end{itemize}
\noindent
\textbf{Question:} Any other positions you want to see? Any way we can rework these so they may be more concise or more attractive? 

\subsubsection{Formalizing The Workshop Pipeline}
Our biggest weakness is the workshop pipeline, this is where the most miscommunication happens, There are various tasks that need to occur before and after a workshop happens to make it successful.

\begin{enumerate}
    \item \textbf{Pre Workshop}: Tasks needed to be done before the workshop
    \begin{enumerate}
        \item \textbf{() Location and Time:} Host picks Discord or Zoom, Eventually we'll need to reserve physical rooms.
        \item \textbf{(a) Workshop Description Creation:} The Host must create the workshop description including location, time, and what it will be about which will be used for advertising.
        \item \textbf{(b) Workshop Content Creation}: The Host must create the workshop Content, this includes slides, materials, and arranging tasks to be done during the workshop by Eboard members and assistants. 
        \item \textbf{(b) Website Update:} The website must be updated to list the workshop.
        \item \textbf{(b) Flyer Creation:} A Flyer must be created for the workshop.
        \item \textbf{(b, e) CEAS Listserv Announcement:} A CEAS Listserv Email must be sent with the description and flyer. 
        \item \textbf{(b, e) IEEE Listserv Announcement:} A IEEE Listserv Email must be sent with the description and flyer. 
        \item \textbf{(b, e) Discord Announcement:} We must announce the workshop on the discord with an @everyone in \#announcements. Include the description and flyer.  
        \item \textbf{(b, e) Other Announcements:} Eventually, we want to advertise on other social media platforms. Include the description and flyer.
    \end{enumerate}
    \item \textbf{During Workshop}: Tasks needed to be done during the workshop
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \textbf{Actually Hosting the workshop:} The Host hosts the workshop.
        \item \textbf{Dynamic Attendance:} Attendance is taken at the beginning and end, preferably record how long each person stays for as well. 
        \item \textbf{Video Recording:} Multiple people record the workshop, in the event of breakout rooms, at least one person records each breakout. 
    \end{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Post Workshop}: Tasks needed to be done after the workshop
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \textbf{Uploading Material to Github:} Place the workshop materials inside of the Workshop folder on Github. 
        \item \textbf{Video Editing, Upload, Description:} The recording needs to be edited, uploaded, and given a good description with a link to the workshop materials on Fithub. 
        \item \textbf{Website Update:} The website must be updated and place the workshop in the past workshops list.
    \end{itemize}
\end{enumerate}

\paragraph{}
The key is assigning specific people to these tasks and giving them strict due dates. This will add accountability to the workshop creation pipeline and make it less of the impromptu mess it is right now. We will assign Jboard and DBoard members spots in the pipeline at the meeting next month, but for this month, Eboard is solely responsible. 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Question:} Did I miss any stages of the pipeline? What are your thoughts on the pipeline?
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Assign Eboard members to each stage of the pipeline and place constraints on how late a task can be done. 

\subsubsection{New Meeting Types}
\paragraph{}
In order to remedy our outreach problem, I am planning on creating two new weekly activities, A Project Showcase and a Interview Practice. These will not be mandatory, but will still take attendance. 
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Project Showcase (aprox 30 mins):} Laid back meeting to show off what you're working on, chat with other people and see what they're working on. Meant to encourage people to work on projects that help build their resume. 
    \item \textbf{Interview Prep (aprox 30 mins):}  Laid back meeting to prepare for interviews, Topics include going over resumes one on one and doing 1 or 2 practice whiteboard coding questions. 
\end{itemize}
\textbf{Activity:} Decide on days and times to host these events. Decide on who will host these events. 
\newpage
\subsection{Position Filling Interviews}
We need to host interviews to fill the JBoard and Dboard positions this month, we need to decide on the following:
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Decide on the following:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Zoom or Discord for the Interveiws? 
    \item What date and time will we host them?
    \item Prelim round of applications by email?
    \item What kinds of questions should we ask at the interviews?
    \item Are we inviting Prof. Muckell? Would he be too busy to come?  
\end{itemize}

 





\section{Administrative Matters}
\subsection{Constitutional Convention}
We need to review the updated constitution, add in recently made changes, and submit it to SA for approval. 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Review the Constitution, add recent change, figure out how to submit it. 
\subsection{Treasurer Exam}
Me and Josh still need to take the treasurer exam, but have had difficulty doing so, any updated information? 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Figure out what we need to do.

\subsection{Budget Request}
Supposedly, I need to submit a budget request to the SA by the end the semester. I am ready to go ham and obliterate the SA, but do we have any info on how exactly I go about making the request? 
\newline\newline
\textbf{Activity:} Figure out what I need to do.

\end{document}

